.TH "TXT2TAGS TEST INPUT" 1 "2026-01-01" "Test Suite"

.SH Level 1 Title
.SS Level 2 Title
.SS Level 3 Title
.SS Level 4 Title
.SS Level 5 Title
.SS Inline Markup
.P
Normal text. \fBBold text\fR. \fIItalic text\fR. Underline text.
Strikethrough. Monospaced text.
.P
\fBBold and \fIitalic\fR combined\fR. \fIItalic and underline combined\fR.
.P
Escaped char: \e\fBnot bold\fR.
.SS Paragraphs
.P
First paragraph with some content.
Still the first paragraph (line continuation).
.P
Second paragraph after blank line.
.SS Horizontal Bars






.SS Lists
.SS Unordered List

.RS
.IP \(bu 3\nFirst item
.IP \(bu 3\nSecond item
.RS
.IP \(bu 3\nNested item A
.IP \(bu 3\nNested item B
.RS
.IP \(bu 3\nDeeply nested
.RE
.IP
.RE
.IP
.IP \(bu 3\nThird item

=== Ordered List ===

.RE
.IP

.RS
.IP 1. 3
First step
.IP 2. 3
Second step
.RS
.IP 1. 3
Sub\-step one
.IP 2. 3
Sub\-step two
.RE
.IP
.IP 3. 3
Third step

=== Definition List ===

.RE
.IP

.TP
Term One
Definition of term one.
.TP
Term Two
Definition of term two.
.TP
Term Three
A longer definition that spans
multiple source lines.

.SS Links
.P
A bare URL: http://txt2tags.org
.P
A named link: TXT2TAGS (http://txt2tags.org)
.P
A local anchor link: Introduction (#level\-1\-title)
.SS Images
.P
portrait.png
.SS Verbatim Block

.nf
def hello(name):
    print("Hello, " + name)

hello("world")
.fi


.SS Raw Block
<b>This is raw HTML — passed through as-is.</b>
.SS Quote Block
.RS
Single level quote.
Still inside the quote.
.RE
.RS
.RS
Nested (double) quote.
.RE
.RE
.SS Tables
.SS Simple Table

.TS
allbox, tab(^); lll.
 col A^col B^col C
 val 1^val 2^val 3
 val 4^val 5^val 6
.TE

.SS Table With Header

.TS
tab(^); lll.
 \fBhead 1\fR^\fBhead 2\fR^\fBhead 3\fR
 cell 1^cell 2^cell 3
 cell 4^cell 5^cell 6
.TE

.SS Aligned Table

.TS
tab(^); lll.
 \fBName\fR^\fBAge\fR^\fBCity\fR
 Alice^30^Paris
 Bob^25^Lyon
 Charlotte^35^Marseille
.TE

.SS Special Characters
.P
Angle brackets: < and >
Ampersand: &
At sign: x@example.com (auto\-linked email)
Percent: 50%
Backslash: \e\e
.SS Inline Verbatim
.P
Use print() to display output.
The for loop iterates over items.
.SS Multiline Verbatim

.nf
line one
line two
line three
.fi


.SS End of Document
.P
This is the last paragraph.

.\" man code generated by txt2tags 2.6. (http://txt2tags.org)
.\" cmdline: txt2tags -t man -o /home/alan/src/txt2tags-ports/txt2tags-ports/targets/man/input.1 /home/alan/src/txt2tags-ports/txt2tags-ports/tests/input.t2t
